It was a few weeks after I killed my husband that my fate was finally sealed. My father was initially furious, but he was too busy dealing with the fallout with [[Damien]]'s family, the [[House Kravel]], to put any focus on me. For my part, I spent those weeks doing my best to make myself scarce, which certainly helped to keep his attention away from me. Unfortunately for me though, the time did eventually come when my father deemed the situation with [[House Kravel]] to be in a stable enough state to shift his focus elsewhere, and that elsewhere was what landed me in front of him in his court on that fateful day.

His advisors all wanted to have me executed and simply be done with the trouble, and even though he was my father, I was unsure if he would give in to their demands even as I stood there in front of him. Certainly the many nobles gathered around me in the audience chambers would be putting pressure on him behind the scenes. I suppose I was somewhat more fortunate than I initially feared.

"Princess [[Erica]] of [[House Drelingen]], you are found guilty of the murder of [[Damien]], first son of [[House Kravel]]" the herald at my father's side read from a long scroll, not even bothering to look up at me as he announced my crime. I suppose it was better that way, after all he was simply following orders. Besides, my gaze was locked on my father the whole time, as I struggled to find any hint of compassion in his regal indifference. It seemed he wouldn't even grace me with a pitying glance.

"As the crime was found to be caused not by intention but by circumstance brought about by a curse, the great king [[Gerald I|Gerald the First]] has deemed it prudent to show mercy".

My father remained entirely unreadable even as I gained a sliver of hope that I may be spared my greatest fears. I even suspected for a moment that his lack of reaction may be for my sake, so that he can spare me as much as possible without seeming too lenient.

"As such, the princesses punishments shall be as follows. She shall be confined to [[Castle Nirana]] on pain of death should she try to escape".

My head was spinning. Confined? I wouldn't be able to leave, ever? I tried to wrap my mind around the implications. Up until now, I had been relatively free to wander in the city as long as I didn't get too close to people, and even then I had felt entirely suffocated by the limitations. To be confined to an area as small as [[Castle Nirana]] would make me go absolutely crazy, especially considering the fact that I would obviously need to be heavily guarded if the confinement was to be enforced. This may have been better than execution, but my life was still essentially over, doomed to spend my days wasting away in confinement.

"Furthermore, since the nature of her crime is dependent on her curse, [[Castle Nirana]] and it's caretakers will be given the authority to conduct research on the nature of the curse, as well as the nature of magic itself. Should a time come when the princess can prove definitively that her curse will no longer be a danger to any noble that comes into contact with her, her punishment shall be lifted".

My eyes widened. I didn't even realize that my jaw was hanging open as I glanced between the herald and my father. Muttering broke out immediately from the gathered nobility, and amongst the chaos I could vaguely make out a displeased tone. My father seemed to show the barest hint of a smile as I locked eyes with him, and I finally sensed a bit of warmth from him. He may not have had much time for me until now, but it seemed he still cared for me as his daughter at least.

After the final verdict was passed, the trial came to an end and I was escorted out of the audience chamber so that my father could continue his audiences for the day. I was taken directly to a carriage outside and was escorted all the way to [[Castle Nirana]] immediately, where I would be spending the foreseeable future. The castle was small by the standards of nobility, and didn't really deserve to be called a true castle, although I understood that there were historical reasons behind it's naming. 

[[Castle Nirana]] was situated atop a small hill, with a ring of crudely fashioned stakes planted around the rim of a small ditch running around the outside of the stone walls. Inside was a small kitchen, a modest library, and 4 bedrooms, which would have to be enough not only for me but also for the caretaker and whatever staff I was able to cobble together to assist in researching a way to combat my curse. The only thing the castle had to boast about was the modest training grounds behind the keep, which were still small for a castle, but were at least big enough to be useful.

After arriving at the keep, I spent the next several days drawing up flyers advertising positions for researchers to assist me with my investigation into curses and magic, and I had the caretaker of [[Castle Nirana]] tour the city to put them up. It took several weeks and several more attempts before I managed to make any progress, but eventually I got a reply from a merchant's son named [[Klaus]] who sent a letter applying for the position, and I sent a response asking him to come to the castle to meet before agreeing to anything.

When he arrived, I arranged for us to have space to sit in the small library and was waiting there when he was led in by the caretaker. [[Klaus]] was a young man around the age of 18, and he was tall with tousled brown hair and a slim build. I gestured for him to sit, and he did so.

"I think I have an idea how we could solve your... issue" he blurted out, only barely hesitating on the last word, as if his brain had caught mid sentence that being too direct may not be the wisest course of action. I was somewhat taken aback by his brazenness, being the first one to speak as a commoner meeting a princess, even one in a position as precarious as mine. Even so, I smiled. It seemed that kind of brazenness could be just what I needed.